Sponsored
Never give up - (Sponsored by dot big bang): It’s been a tough year for games. Create a game that shows that even when things are looking down, the player will never give up.
Game with Friends (Sponsored by Hathora): "Use Hathora with any game engine to create an online dedicated server multiplayer game. 
Full of Beans (Sponsored by Transfuzer): Baked beans are a British delicacy that when used in this turn of phrase represent enthusiasm and energy. The final game should incorporate elements of this British saying
Elevate Your Game with ReadSpeaker (Sponsored by ReadSpeaker) - By incorporating ReadSpeaker’s offline AI voice generator, you can seamlessly add dynamic runtime voice dialogue.
Impactful play - (Sponsored by dots.eco): Transform your game into a Play-to-Impact model by implementing Dots.eco’s environmental rewards
Sharing is caring   - (Sponsored by Github): Share the source code for your submission in a public GitHub repository and list the URL on your submission page.
Explore the possibilities - (Sponsored by Leonardo.Ai): Create an asset using Leonardo.Ai’s creative suite and show it off in your game!

Storytelling through audio - (Sponsored by WeLoveIndies): Use sound and music to shape the idea and dramaturgy of your game. Strive for a rich, vibrant sound world. Balance between realism and creativity.

Accessibility
Harmonius: A music or rhythm game that is still playable without sound.
Lunch Special: Your game can be played with one hand. The other hand is free to hold your sandwich.
What you don't know can't help you: The game has accessibility considerations for disabled players, and they're listed on the game's info page on the GGJ site.

Art
Coal Miner: Use only charcoal (in any form) to make all the game’s art.
Full Steam Ahead: Make a game about Mickey? With Mickey? On Mickey's boat? Using that old-school black-and-white style?
Woodstock vibes: The art of your game is done in psychedelic style.

Audio
Mouthing Off: "Audio is an important part of game design, but with so many DAWs and midi keyboards to choose from, it can be hard to choose! So we're going back to basics!
Perspective: "At least some of the gameplay involves listening through different and/or multiple listener perspective(s). 
White Noise: All sound effects and music must be generated by editing white noise.

Code
Modern Blacksmith: Create a tool for game development.
QuickDraw: No frame rendered in the game can have more than 50 draw calls.
Vocation Rotation: Challenge your team to swap their usual roles

Cultural
Koselig: Incorporate the Norwegian cultural concept of koselig into your game, referring to the warm feeling of closeness and coziness one gets when they’re with someone they care deeply about.
Moon & Swoon: The moon is a significant element in many cultures. Adopt it into your game in some way, either through art or narrative."
We Just Call Them Wings (Cultural from Buffalo, NY, US): Your game features local food and cuisine and highlights how local folks enjoy it.

Design
Buttering Biscuits!: A key mechanic in your game revolves around the proliferation of baked goods.
Carry on my Wayward Fun: "A single player game with an express goal to pass the play session on to new players and have them continue the same playthrough."
Multidevice: Make a game where you play using two devices. E.g. laptop and phone at the same time.

Meta
All For One: Everyone at your jam site must contribute to your game in some way.
One Sheet, One Game: Your entire game fits on a single A4 sheet of paper, front and back. Upload as a PDF and printable for play.
Out of many, one: Incorporate themes from at least two prior GGJs in addition to this year's theme in designing your game

Narrative
Art of the Tank: Provide rewards for players that lose.
Based on a True Story: The game is based on a real-life experience of one of the developers 
Forrest Gump: The character only has the "Yes" option in all dialogues with NPCs.